GitHub feedback How-tos (#319)
SuffolkLITLab/docassemble-AssemblyLine-documentation: docs/framework/github_feedback.md

  be actionable ("I don't understand this page"), but it's extremely valuable to have.

The Assembly Line has a [Feedback package](https://github.com/SuffolkLITLab/docassemble-GithubFeedbackForm) that handles some potential workflows for feedback.

## Feedback Philosophy

The standard feedback cycle for a software product is the following:

1. Release product
2. Users use product, and have feedback: bug reports, specific feature requests, or general emotions about using
3. They submit this feedback to you, the owner of the software product.
4. You triage the feedback, looking for common trends and deciding if the feedback is worth implementing.
5. You implement the pieces of feedback that you decided to implement.
6. Repeat back to 1.

This tool helps you solve steps 3 and 4; users submitting feedback to you, and you being able to triage that feedback.
Since much docassemble development [already involves GitHub](../github.md), the AssemblyLine uses [GitHub's issues](https://docs.github.com/en/issues) to handle and triage feedback.
GitHub issues let you tag user feedback as such, link issues to PRs that fix the code, and track

> when the fix has been added to the code.

Author: That's a good point, we should support more email feedback. TBH if we add that here, I feel like we should include examples of email feedback. ILAO has a good one, but I'd want the full example here, not just "you can use email".

It won't:

* tell you how to customize how you ask for feedback or what the interview looks like
* integrate with other systems besides the current docassemble server and GitHub

Before you start, we'll assume that you:

* have access to an [admin account on a docassemble server](https://suffolklitlab.org/legal-tech-class/docs/classes/assembly-line/2020-assembly-line-assignment-1#before-you-get-started)
* have the [`GithubFeedbackForm` package installed on your server](https://suffolklitlab.org/docassemble-AssemblyLine-documentation/docs/installation#run-the-installation-script)
* know how to [edit the docassemble configuration (config) file](https://docassemble.org/docs/config.html#edit)
* know [what the playground is](https://suffolklitlab.org/legal-tech-class/docs/classes/docacon-2020/hello-world#introduction-to-the-docassemble-playground) and [how to use it to develop a docassemble interview](https://suffolklitlab.org/legal-tech-class/docs/classes/docacon-2020/hello-world#hello-world)
* know [what "blocks" are](https://suffolklitlab.org/legal-tech-class/docs/yaml#documents) in docassemble

### Configuration

> In your docassemble Configuration, you'll add `github issues` attribute, like the below:

Author: Good additiion, I'll add it.

I wrote it like this because TBH, I'm not sure if that's the way we want to take the package fully? It still just sorta feels like a feature I'm adding on, while most people using it (just us and CaroRob) were leaning towards private GitHub repos instead of  storing on the server.

```yml
github issues:
  username: "YOUR_NEW_DEDICATED_ISSUE_CREATION_ACCOUNT"
  token: "..." # A valid GitHub personal access token associated with the username above
  default repository owner: YOUR_GITHUB_USER_OR_ORG_HERE
  allowed repository owners: # List the repo that your account will be allowed to create issues on
    - YOUR_GITHUB_USER_OR_ORG_HERE 
    - SECOND_GITHUB_USER_OR_ORG
  feedback session linking: True
  ask panel: True
```

If you want to automatically send all issues to GitHub, you need to have:

* `username` should be an account that you use to create GitHub issues. This should *not* be your primary GitHub account,

>   as it is possible for other developers on the server to see this token and use it to preform actions as you. The MassAccess

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  as it is possible for other developers on the server to see this token and use it to perform actions as you. The MassAccess
```

### Footer feedback

Next, open the interview that you want to add feedback to in docassemble's playground.

If you include `assembly_line.yml` in your interview already, all you need to do is add the following block to set the `al_github_repo` variable, which `assembly_line.yml` uses to setup the feedback interview correctly.

```yml
code: |
  github_repo_name = "YOUR_REPO_NAME" # i.e. "docassemble-MyInterview"
```

:::tip Duplicate blocks

Use [docassemble's playground search](https://docassemble.org/docs/playground.html#interview_files) to make sure that you only have one block defining the `github_repo_name` variable. If you have more than one, only the last block will be used, which can be confusing.
:::

If you aren't using `assembly_line.yml`, you can
add the below two blocks to add a footer to every page of your interview:

```yml
---
modules:
  - docassemble.GithubFeedbackForm.github_issue
---
default screen parts:
  footer: |

>     [:comment-dots: Feedback](${ feedback_link(user_info(), github_repo=YOUR_REPO_NAME) } ){:target="_blank"}

Reviewer 2: If we're supporting non-GitHub feedback, then they don't really need anything GitHub-related, right? If so, I think it would be helpful to include how to deal with this if they don't use GitHub. We know at least one team that has a workflow that often didn't (doesn't?) involve GitHub.

>     [:comment-dots: Feedback](${ feedback_link(user_info(), github_repo=YOUR_REPO_NAME) } ){:target="_blank"}

Author: I think there's a difference between "you can use AssemblyLine without using GitHub at all" and "we're going to help you use AssemblyLine without using GitHub at all". Just because it's possible to do that, doesn't mean that we need to try to document that for them. I get the sentiment, but IMO it's an easy way to get overwhelmed with documentation to write, and doesn't help new users focus on one path through everything.

```

> You can then start your interview, and select the Feedback link in the footer. Fill in the feedback interview, and submit the feedback. If

Author: I'll avoid saying integration. It's not the DA integration, it's the config block above, which involves making a GitHub account for issues, and getting the Personal access token for it.

you setup GitHub integration, there should be a link to the newly-created GitHub issue. Otherwise, you can view the feedback [using the feedback browsing interview](#how-to-browse-feedback-on-the-server).

## How to get reviews in an interview

While having a feedback link in the footer is useful for users who are specifically seeking to give feedback, you can take a more proactive approach and let users
give quick feedback with an in-interview review widget. The final product of this guide will look like the below screenshot:

> ![A screenshot of the review widget. The widget is outlined in a light gray box has the text "Did we help you?", with two buttons below, one with a thumbs up and one with a thumbs down](../assets/github_feedback_review_widget.png)

Reviewer 2: I put the period in the wrong spot :(

> First, find an interview you'd like to add a feedback widget too. Where exactly you want to ask for feedback is up to you, but we'd recommend doing it at the end of the interview, when someone has reached an end point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, find an interview you'd like to add a feedback widget too. Where exactly you want to ask for feedback is up to you, but we'd recommend doing it at the end of the interview when someone has reached an end point.
```

> For this how-to, we'll make an short example interview from scratch. Then entire interview is below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this how-to, we'll make an short example interview from scratch. The entire interview is below:
```

```yml
include:
  - docassemble.GithubFeedbackForm:embedded_review.yml
---
mandatory: True
question: |
  First screen
subquestion: |
  Welcome to this example interview.

  ${ only_once_review_widget() }
```

The key lines in the above are:

> * adding `docassembl.GithubFeedbackForm:embedded_review.yml` to the `include` block, and

Reviewer 2: Might be worth it. I would found it confusing, but maybe I just know too much and not enough.

* `${ only_once_review_widget() }` in the `subquestion` attribute of a question block

> If you are adding the review widget to an existing interview, focus on just those two lines.

Author: Trying to avoid people focusing on

```yaml
mandatory: True
question: |
  First screen
subquestion: |
  Welcome to this example interview.
```

The other case isn't adding it to a new interview, it's just following along with this example interview. I would just say "don't add this to a new interview; wait until you have an MVP interview before worrying about the feedback widget". Not sure if that's worth adding here though.

> If you are adding the review widget to an existing interview, focus on just those two lines.

Reviewer 2: I think it might actually be less confusing to just delete the line in that case. I don't think the clarification about the question itself is necessary and I think when to add it doesn't matter as much. It doesn't really matter when they add it. It won't really do anything till they make it live. Sometimes I add stuff when I'm thinking about it (so I won't forget), not when it would be logical in a timeline.

The below will leave an extra blank line in the docs unfortunately.

```suggestion
```

> If you are adding the review widget to an existing interview, focus on just those two lines.

Author: I changed it manually, so no need to worry about the extra line.

The review widget will ask two questions, one is a simple "Did we help you?" with thumbs up and thumbs down options, and the second is an open text box for users to write more. If they answer the first question and refresh the screen or continue through the interview, the feedback widget won't be shown again, given that the user
doesn't go back past the widget's screen in the interview.

> You can change several aspects of the review widget. For more information, see [the API reference of `review_widget` in ALToolbox](../reference/ALToolbox/misc#review_widget), which `only_once_review_widget` wraps around and passes all arguments to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can change several aspects of the review widget. For more information, see [the API reference of `review_widget` in ALToolbox](../reference/ALToolbox/misc#review_widget). That is the function `only_once_review_widget` is using.
```

> The review information is only stored on the docassemble server, and can be viewed [using the feedback browsing interview](#how-to-browse-feedback-on-the-server).

Author: Good point, I think I could add a bit more explainer.

## How to browse feedback on the server

You can view feedback for all interviews on a server if you are logged in as an admin. If your server name is `apps.myserver.com`, you can visit `apps.myserver.com/start/GithubFeedbackForm/browse_feedback_sessions` to view the feedback.

First, the interview will ask what type of feedback you want to view. If you set up GitHub integration, you can see a full list of feedback associated with some GitHub issue. If the user agreed to provide you access to their full answers, you'll be able to see the session id, and have a button that lets you enter a shared session of that user's interview.

> The other option is for reviews, which will show all of scores given to an interview, and all of the written feedback for an interview as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The other option is for reviews, which will show all of the scores given to an interview, and all of the written feedback for an interview as well.
```
